Bring consistency in backups documentation (#2734)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/environments/backup.md

---

> title: Create a backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Back up an environment
```

highlight=false
---

> 1. Navigate to the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the environment you want to back up.
```

### Automate manual backups

You can also automate the process of creating manual backups through [cron jobs](../create-apps/app-reference.md#crons).

> The cron job uses the CLI command to run a backup of the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cron job uses the CLI command to back up the environment.
```
